notes for OUTH2, webtoken security etc

Oauth 2.0

OAuth 2.0 is the next evolution of the OAuth protocol which was originally created in late 2006. OAuth 2.0 focuses on client developer simplicity while providing specific authorization flows for web applications, desktop applications, mobile phones, and living room devices. This specification is being developed within the IETF OAuth WG.

Basic logic of Oauth
 Oauth has following user 
    Resource Owner
    Resource Server
    Client Application
    Authorization Server

    A)Resource Owner : In most cases "Resource Owner" is human which is using the application to access his resources, but in theory
                    Resource Owner can be an application or an api etc. Resource Owner is starting point of the application he/it initiate
                    application transaction generaly by logiing in using userdid and passowrd or key.

    B)Resource Server: Resource server is genearly backend application which stores and provide acess mechanism to user in most common use cases
                    "Resource Server" will be api (web api/rest api) which provide acess to resources based on some token and authorization level.

    C)Client Application: "Client Application" is aplication whicha makes request to Resource server on bealf of "Resource owner",
                    in most uses cases it is generaly client facing native app or Web app.
    D)Authorization Server: 


    based on above roles/players of Oauth, idea is to provide acess token to Client application so that it can acess resources from
    Resource server without it(client aplication) posessing the key(user name passowrd). it will get some token which can be used for 
    authorization, genearly that token is generated by third party identity provider which evaluates the credentials(userid/passowrd)
    and provide acess token in return Open id is one of the method to do that(Important).
    refer Auth_flow.jpg

    Outh flows documntattion needed important concept
    